Code of Conduct
---

We value the participation of each member of the Python community and want all
attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all
attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees
throughout the conference, and at all conference events, whether officially
sponsored by PyCon UK or not.

To make clear what is expected, all attendees, speakers, exhibitors, organisers
and volunteers at any PyCon UK event are required to conform to the following
Code of Conduct. Organisers will ensure that it is enforced throughout the
event.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.

### The Short Version

PyCon UK is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for
everyone.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any conference venue, including talks.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave
professionally. Remember that sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not
appropriate for PyCon UK.

Attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave the conference without a
refund at the sole discretion of the conference organisers.

### The Long Version

Harassment includes offensive communication related to gender, sexual
orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, physical appearance,
body size, race, or religion; sexual images in public spaces; deliberate
intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording;
sustained disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate physical contact;
and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Exhibitors and sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In
particular, exhibitors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other
material. Booth staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualised
clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that sexist, racist, and
other exclusionary jokes can be offensive to those around you.

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the
conference organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including
warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund.

### Reporting Harassment

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, you should contact a member of the conference committee.
Please see these [reporting guidelines](/code-of-conduct/reporting-harassment/).

Contact details will be made available shortly before the conference.

Reports of harassment will be dealt with according to [these
guidelines](/code-of-conduct/handling-reports/).

- - -

The document is derived from [PyCon US's Code of
Conduct](https://us.pycon.org/2016/about/code-of-conduct/), which was forked
from the example policy on the [Geek Feminism
Wiki](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy).

It is released under a [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
